How you doing tonight, Lonnie?
I'm doing I'm doing good, Ryan. We were
actually
we're talking about the new Trash to
Cash podcast. I hate to bring that up
right away. Whoa, already?
Wow. Yeah, I know. We were talking about
it earlier today cuz they they had a new
drop. Yeah.
>> was messaging Ryan about it because I'm
like, "Hey, they talked about us."
Yeah. You know, I was excited. That
That's like the like as far as reselling
podcast go, does it get any bigger?
I would say they're probably number one.
I think so. They've got to be. I mean,
who's bigger than them?
I
I've been out of the reseller space for
the most part for a while, but I mean
I feel like I still kind of got my
finger on the pulse a little bit of like
who's who.
I I don't know if you're sure
>> I feel like I think they're the I think
they're top dog.
I I think in as far as podcast go, and
maybe some of y'all can correct us if
we're not right down below, but yeah, I
think I feel like that's a pretty pretty
much the biggest podcast, and we have
our foot in the door. We're rubbing
elbows, man, with the big dogs over
there. So, I'm
>> We are. Yeah. And we were talking about
that earlier today, and we're like
Ryan's like, "Man, we got to get another
one done." I'm and I'm like, "When are
you talking about? Are you talking about
tonight?" And he's like "I wasn't, but
we can be."
Let's go.
Yeah.
>> Fire it up. Okay. Well, let's fire it
up. So
I I want to start with
we got a really like a few nice mentions
on if you want to share screen, Ryan.
Sure. And let's see let's see what your
reaction is to this.
So, we had the face-off last week, the
ultimate face-off between Kevin and
Lonnie. And a lot of people have been
waiting for that. podcast, so now we've
got a we have to cancel the podcast the
second time now. Yeah, great job,
[laughter] Dave.
Now you just created competition.
That's [__]
>> say the Whoa, did you catch that? I did.
They're creating competition by talking
about us. Is that what he said? Look,
you know, in fairness
in fairness, if I don't know
like Ryan, we talk a lot about like
coincidences. Yeah.
I don't know if that if Carey hadn't if
we hadn't have done if Candace and I
hadn't have done a live stream for
Christmas party Right.
>> Carey and somebody wasn't talking about
Carey that night and in my chat.
Yep.
>> And then Carey didn't get the "Hey,
they're talking about you. You better go
see what's up." And then he came to the
chat, and then Carey and I had a brief
conversation.
Where he invited you on the on the show.
Exactly, where he invited me on the
show. Yep.
Like all of those things
Commonwealth Kevin Commonwealth Picker
isn't wrong.
That played a role in you and I doing
this podcast right here today.
>> It did. It did. Yeah, we talked about
that last week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Like
we're not going to we're not going to
play around and pretend like that had
nothing to do with it.
>> Oh, no, they were a huge part of that.
Yeah, so cheers to them.
>> Cheers to them. They inspired us, for
sure. This is a coffee, by the way. I'm
uh This is Coke.
This is a sober show, guys. I'm well
yeah, pretty much. Yeah, I mean, I'm not
going to say I will never have a drink
or two, but Sober tonight.
Yeah, my [clears throat] my days of
going on a podcast and getting blasted
are pretty much over now.
>> [laughter]
>> It It turns out It turns out your your
lips can get a little loose sometimes.
>> We've all been pretty guilty of that
over the years, I would say. Yeah, me me
probably more than some As a matter of
fact, Candace before we did the first
one, Ryan, she was like
she said
>> tonight?
>> [laughter]
>> No, she didn't say that, but she said,
"Lonnie, I'm a little concerned about
this podcast thing."
No, no, no. There's nothing to worry
about. And I was like, "I understand,
but it's a new me. I've changed.
We're not we're not going into you
know." But yeah
long story short though, when Kevin says
create a competition Carey, you kind of
did. I mean Yeah.
we're in the same space sort of like or
we're maybe more adjacent because we're
going to
y'all probably find we're going to start
talking about reselling less and less.
Yeah.
I don't think we necessarily set out to
do this podcast like with
a set topic in mind at all. No.
I mean, look at our name Look Look at
the name of our podcast for I don't even
know I don't even know what this thing
Oh, I want to talk to you about that. Um
What's that? The name? Yeah, the name
because I I recommended I said, "Look."
Because I was like really antsy to get
that first episode out.
And I was like, "Hey, Ryan, let's just
call it the Ryan and Lonnie podcast as a
placeholder name.
And we'll figure out the name later if
if we can find one.
And what did you do? I knew you were
going to do this.
You flipped the names around.
Well, I put you first. I know. Why?
>> I don't know.
>> What What was my idea? What are you
talking about?
Well, the podcast. Well, it's kind of
you you're the one who like brought it
up first. So, I was like, "Well, I I
should say Lonnie and Ryan, not Ryan and
I."
>> No, dude, but there's no I'm trying to
imagine the circumstance in which you
ever put Ryan and Lonnie instead of
Lonnie and Ryan. You wouldn't have ever
justified it to yourself to put Ryan
first.
Yeah. You're You're right.
But you have your hands on the keyboard.
I don't. You're running the channel, so.
Yeah, it's fine. I think it looks good.
We don't I don't think we need a name.
Do you?
We'll see. Like if one if one pops up
and just slaps us in the face, then
>> Yeah.
Yeah, maybe.
>> We can
We'll see.
>> Well, there's more to this clip though.
Let me keep going. Oh, okay. Leave It
got double Harold Tornado's views.
Lonnie was very excited.
Oh, I did notice that.
Harold Tornado
which is Harry Tornado, which is a
>> that. I heard him say.
very popular YouTuber.
Let me open
link in new tab. Let's take a look at
this. Here's Here's little Trash to
Cash. Oh, let me turn the bell on. I'm
subscribed.
All notifications from these guys,
especially these days.
>> Um okay, we're going to videos, and
let's see how we're doing here.
>> it's not sharing It's not showing the
screen, dude, for some reason. Uh It is.
>> It's not showing It's not showing what
you're doing. I don't know why. It's not
updating it. Mhm.
Oh.
You know why? Okay.
I'll I'll share I'll I'll I'll restart
the share. Sorry about that.
>> why. Yeah, no worries.
I'll [snorts] do a You know what I'm
doing? I did a new window. That's what's
going on.
>> Yep.
Okay, I think it's this one. Let's try
again.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right, sorry about that, y'all. Now
you can see it.
We're kind of new to this software or
whatever. But uh
Anyway, look, here's Trash to Cash and
what Dave was talking about. Look. 10K.
>> on.
10,000. Yes.
The one before that, lesson five. And
the one before that
with Harry Tornado
5.4K. It's like
like a little more than half
>> Literally double.
Pretty much, anyway.
I I don't know. I'm I'm not saying
anything.
>> cool, dude. You're You're You're You're
uh
You're showing up the big dogs a little
bit. I know. I know. Little me. Little
Harry
I I think they were expecting a little
bit more of a fight, but that's all
right.
But yeah, let's go back to Let's see.
I'm going to stop that screen.
And then I'm going to share the other
one again.
Here we go.
All right.
Let's see.
Um
Well, he was pretty honest about it
though, too. He was like, you know, with
a title like that, and he's not
typically on these things.
>> Yeah, he's giving freaking AI the credit
for my thumbnail and title. I did that.
It was not AI. Now I have to I have to
say one thing. His title Dave's title
was fantastic. It was the face-off or
whatever title. Yeah.
But the still that he took, it looked
like I was picking my nose.
>> [laughter]
>> I I doubt that was Do you think that was
on purpose, or do you think that was an
accident?
It had to be on It had It had to be
>> It was probably that.
I was going to say it was probably an
accident. Okay, you know what? Let's
chalk it up to maybe it was an accident.
>> I think it was an accident. I don't
think he I don't think he necessarily
did that on purpose. And look, I hate to
make do this to you again cuz I know you
have to switch again, but I'm going to
switch screen real quick.
Cuz I want to show y'all the thumbnail
I'm talking about.
If I can. Here we go. All right.
Can y'all see like this probably It's
probably not the biggest in the
How How can I see this bigger? Maybe I
can just do this.
>> you zoom in?
Yeah.
There you go.
I mean, dude.
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> What the hell? Like of all the
>> Yeah, you're picking your nose.
Oh, man.
It's It's
It's on the side of my nose.
>> [laughter]
>> You're You're digging
You're digging for gold there.
Digging for gold, Lonnie.
That's what it looks like. It looks like
I'm picking my freaking nose. Yeah, it
does. But no, I don't remember accusing
him of of it being AI though.
I said I remember saying it was a great
title. I just I assumed he wrote it or
one of them wrote it. He probably he's
probably maybe he's talking about the
thumbnail cuz it's got like this neon
cyberpunk 90s thing going.
Yeah.
>> [snorts]
>> And
there was a great title. That title is
definitely it
part of the reason why it has so many
views for sure.
Dave knows what he's doing, man. He's no
dummy, that's for sure. All right.
Let me finish sharing this with you.
>> Big Dave Dave's title and
I never tell Dave he should title
something. I was like, I wonder what
he's going to come up with this one. I
said this one should be good.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay.
Do you really believe
that that title and thumb went up
without Commonwealth's
stamp of approval first?
Um no.
I don't
I
don't
There might be a group chat, right?
There might be a group chat where
Dave is saying, "Hey Kevin, check I'm
going to use this one because Lonnie
looks like he's picking his nose
laugh emoji." Right. And then Kevin just
probably hit laugh emoji and says, "I
didn't see nothing hahaha." or
something. You know what I mean?
>> Right. Of course. Yeah. That's what I
would have done. No, I'm sure they all
talk
about it prior to releasing. Yeah.
There's no way they don't.
There's no There are no accidents.
>> know if it would annoy Lonnie cuz I was
like bringing attention to the the
drama, but the drama was real and he was
willing to talk about it, which is cool.
And I you know,
I know something that I've decided to
start a fifth channel. This will annoy
I'm going to
This is good. Good job. Good job here,
Kevin. I'll call it I'm going to pack it
as well.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm going to pack it better. You should
you should call it I'm going to pack it
better.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
>> [laughter]
>> Yes.
That's a good joke. That's a hilarious
joke.
I'm going to [laughter] pack it better.
I like that one. I like our I'm going to
pack it too.
>> [laughter]
>> That was good. That's so good. That was
funny, Kevin. Good job. Yeah, now these
guys are hilarious. I'm I'm glad we've
I'm glad that we've
um
I'm glad we I'm glad we've kind of built
up some or starting to build up somewhat
of a relationship here. Yeah, it's cool.
It's cool. And it's
it's a full circle moment, you know,
from from where we were 3 years ago or
whenever it was. Was it 3 years ago now
when we did all the the other podcast?
I don't remember. Yeah, it's probably
about 3 years. That's 2026. I think
Maybe a little more.
Yeah.
Either way.
COVID years are a blur for me.
>> Ever since 2020. Yeah.
Time is totally different, isn't it? It
is and and and things like
I mean things are somewhat normal now,
but it it doesn't seem like we ever
really got back to normal to me.
>> No, we didn't. The world changed
forever. That's just a fact and
I don't think it's ever going to go back
to what it was, honestly.
We're in a new reality.
It feels like it feels like things are
so different, man. They are because they
are. Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Okay, I'm going to I'm going to bless
you with some more. I I have I have one
more.
One more? Okay.
>> Well, at least one more.
What?
How many there going to be? I don't
know. I've got a I've got a couple
written down here. Let's see what Let's
see what they say. or what the deal is
or maybe it's just having glitchiness.
It's odd. Yeah, probably It was It was
being weird earlier, so maybe that's it.
>> Yeah, could be. What, Kevin?
[clears throat]
I was trying to find out, you know, they
they started that podcast. I was going
to go over there and read some comments
and see what see how it's going.
Cuz there was a lot of people saying I'm
only here
for Lonnie and whatever, but I just had
to look it up. So.
So, Kevin may have officially looked at
these comments more than I have. Have
you looked at the comments, Ryan? A
little bit. A little bit. I don't even
know how many people watched the first
episode. I think a few people did, but
I don't think it was like anything super
crazy.
Okay, let me let me go back. I can
probably do this easier.
Here we go.
All right.
All right, now we're back on Now we're
going to look at our own stuff. We're
going
>> our here's our channel. Okay. We're
we're going to quit
>> subs. That's you know,
hey.
We're We're growing a little bit. Yeah.
Stop stop clout chasing for a minute.
Look at our own stuff for a second here.
Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> But um Well, well, well. There we go.
All right. Oh, look.
We got We got a few views here.
>> Oh, 35. Okay.
Dude, there's 80 comments.
Wow.
Uh okay, how do I sort this?
Newest? Top?
I guess I'll do top. I mean I don't want
to read every single comment. There's a
lot of them. Gee, 80 80 comments. I I've
replied to a few.
Oh, I was going to I was going to come
in here and read them all.
Okay. Oh, I want to watch this. Great
pod. Cheers, guys. Enjoyed I was I was
looking for
Is are there any like
critical ones comments, Ryan, that you
can find?
>> Um
There was one ah
I can't remember.
It's mentally exhausting. Time to
work our days.
Uh
I said uh somebody said, "Now imagine
having to do it for 3 to 4 hours a day
5 days a week like people in talk
radio."
Yeah, but I mean people in talk radio,
they get breaks though. They're not on
the whole entire time. Like yeah,
they'll do like a 4 or 5 hour show, but
like they'll they'll do it in segment
segments. They have you know, they're on
the air for 10 minutes and then there's
a bunch of ads and then there's music
and
So, how much are they really on air?
I'm sure I'm I'm sure those guys This
guys work hard and they get you know,
they get
>> Oh, absolutely. mentally tired and
stuff, but But like that comparison I
wouldn't say is accurate. Like they're
not on air
for 5 hours straight.
Unless maybe you're I don't know.
I mean if what radio show does that?
Nobody. Yeah.
So, based on all the stories you told
during this episode, I don't expect this
podcast to last long.
Maybe he's right.
Damn, Lonnie, when did you go on Theo
Von? Somebody said.
>> [laughter]
>> I've been getting that so much lately. I
told I think I told you the other day I
was in
>> Oh, oh, oh, they're saying you look like
Theo Von.
Okay, okay. I see it. I think I told you
the other day I was in the store and I
was I get to the the checkout counter
and the guy's like, "Well, if it ain't
Theo Von." I'm like, "Oh, hey."
>> [laughter]
>> Got to add some drama like Dave does.
Kevin, was your arch enemy. Good luck
with your podcast. Yeah, Kevin was not
my arch enemy. We had some
We had some bad Oh, here
I have another clip of this one earlier.
Oh,
this dude said Ryan is just doing videos
of eating junk food
while bobbing his head like Beavis and
Butthead. Accurate. It is actually
accurate. Let me I'm going to pull up
>> You know what? I'm going to pull up
>> [laughter]
>> Can I pull up a Can I pull up a you on
here? Yeah. Yeah, sure. Go for it.
A lot of people might not know what I do
now on the internet.
>> that's why Yeah.
I thought it would be a good idea for me
to pull it up real quick.
Okay, here we go. All right, so
Can I present something else?
Mhm.
Oh, no, I can't.
All right.
>> won't. Okay, I got to stop that one.
Then I'll start a new one.
>> [snorts]
>> Which one? You can [laughter]
I don't know. Oh, okay.
>> So, this is Ryan's This is Ryan's TikTok
channel here.
Uh go to
I don't know. Can you go go to my page?
Yeah, and then do
um
uh sort by popular.
Okay. All right, popular. Here we go.
And then pick
pick one of those.
>> He's got some bangers here for sure.
Yeah, I'm trying to remember.
Do the Katz's Deli one. So, this Katz's
Deli video This This video went viral on
every platform I put it on. It went
viral on TikTok, went viral on Facebook.
It got a million and it also got a
million on Instagram.
So, okay, so it got a million on three
platforms. Yeah. That's amazing.
>> I have no desire to go to New York City,
but I do have a desire to eat their
food. I have seen so many videos over
the years about this place in New York
City called Katz's Deli. So, I did a
little bit of research and I found out
Katz's will ship directly to your door.
This is their pastrami. I always see the
line at this place is just ridiculously
long. I don't have time for that. This
is their deli mustard
that goes on their bread. Let's try a
piece of the pastrami first.
So good.
Put this gently
on top. What is the only correct way to
cut a sandwich? Diagonally.
That's right. Yep.
>> [laughter]
>> Wow, that is good. Look at that.
See?
>> [cough]
[clears throat]
>> That meat is so flavorful. It just
speaks for itself. It doesn't need
anything else other than the mustard.
Uh man. This is fantastic. This is my
life now. The deli bread directly from
This is it, huh?
This is my life. I eat food in front of
the camera and bob my head.
It It's pretty cool though cuz you've
been um
you've been focusing a lot more on like
local places lately. I have been. It's
been really fulfilling and rewarding.
>> [snorts]
>> It's been fun, actually.
So, what is the last one you did?
The last local place I did? Yeah.
Um I did did I went to this local bread
stand of this this girl. She actually
reached out to me and she was like,
"Hey, can you come try some of my bread
some weekend?" I'm like, "Absolutely."
So, I swung over. She puts She She bakes
She just works out of her house. She has
I think couple kids.
And uh she puts the bread out at the end
of her driveway in in her little bread
box thing every Saturday at 8:00 a.m.
and she has it out there until she sells
out. So, I went out there one Saturday,
picked up a bunch of stuff, and tried it
on camera. And the video killed
Actually, if you scroll down Yeah, right
there. The video got 40,000 views.
There's They They just showed the little
bread box. Today, I stopped by North
very beautiful
We have things. Bread box. Today, we are
trying Fremont House of Pizza in
Fremont, New Oh [laughter] well.
Anyways. So, yeah.
I'm sorry. Yeah, so so I uh yeah, I
reviewed her her stuff and she um
she said she killed it this past week.
Bunch and she said people were like
showing up all week even though she
wasn't open
to try to buy stuff. So, it's pretty
crazy.
What are her She's only open on She's
only open on Saturdays.
And I said that in the video, but people
people just missed that part or
something. I don't know.
But So, people watched your video and
then they went over there to try and buy
some bread. Yeah.
Yep.
Wow. Yeah. She said she had people like
emailing her from all over the country
to ask if they if she shipped, too.
Yeah, cuz like 40,000 views on TikTok is
not really that big of a deal. No, but
for the local scene, it is.
It had a ridiculous amount of shares.
Had like 500 shares or something. That's
crazy. But when you're Yeah, exact Like
when you're talking about
cuz you live in a fairly small town.
Yep. So, when you're talking about if
say even 20% of those views are all from
your local area, that is a huge
huge
targeted basically ad
where people are, you know,
I don't know if it's an ad or whatever,
but it's it'll definitely get people to
go over there. So. Yep.
And [snorts]
obviously, the only way that she'll
continue to keep getting the business is
if her product is good and people are
happy with Exactly. Yeah, she has to
follow up and continue to be consistent,
of course. Yeah. But yeah, I I've I've
enjoyed doing the the local stuff
because I find it more fulfilling.
And like it actually gives me some sort
of like
not purpose, I get Well, yeah, purpose,
but like it's more rewarding to me than
just like reviewing some random like
burger from McDonald's. You know what I
mean? Like it actually does some good in
the world. So, I like I like doing that.
So. Yeah, I mean like when you can help
when you can help like a business like a
local business and then you can help
yourself
Yeah. Right? I mean you have to have a
win-win.
And then and and there's another winner,
too. Is are the people that are not
instead of that maybe would have just
gone to Domino's and picked up some
pizza, instead they're going to swing by
that local joint they saw on Crazy
Dreamer's TikTok. Exactly. Yep. So,
you're
you're helping everybody all around. So.
I'm going to do more of that. Yeah.
It's fun. of fact, I I I mean
I I I could probably shouldn't share
without asking first, but Ryan told me
something the other day once he's like
started really realizing how um
how much he enjoyed doing the local
stuff
um and seeing the impact he has on the
on those businesses.
Yep. Cuz like the way they light up when
they see you the next time or when they
message you or whatever.
Yeah.
He He He told me he's like, "This is
what I'm supposed to do right here. This
is it."
It is, without a doubt. That's my path.
>> [snorts]
>> Not too many people figure that path
out.
You know?
And it might not be my end game path,
either.
I think it's a stepping stone of where
I'm not going to talk about it here,
but I I think it might be a stepping
stone for something for me later in
life. So,
um we'll see.
Really? Is this something you and I have
talked about?
Uh
Yes. You might be able to I don't know.
Yes and no, but Okay. I I won't try and
get it out of you, but Okay.
Yeah, you could probably guess it. We've
talked I've mentioned it a few times.
>> [sighs]
>> I don't know what I don't know what else
could be better than just like flying
around the world, dropping into cafes,
Yeah. scarfing down some good food on
camera, and then going to the next spot.
What What is Is there something better
than that? Well Well, like if you think
along like the local the local
uh
the local scene
sort of thing.
Like that's why I said the local scene
might be my path, but
anyway, that's a conversation for
another day. Maybe many years down the
road. We'll see. I I could see the Crazy
Dreamer's punch card, man.
Like where people have to go to
Uh well
Glad you asked.
>> [laughter]
>> When you get a Crazy Dreamer's punch
card and you go you eat at each one of
the establishments on this punch card
here, once you fill it up, you get an X.
Right.
You know what I mean? Yeah, that'd be
cool.
>> [laughter]
>> The Crazy Dreamer's punch card.
What is that?
Oh, boy.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. So, um
Yeah, I guess
I I guess we're like that that weird
mini-series or
like Netflix series that doesn't talk
about
that build You can up as you go.
Well, you can never you can never tell
everyone your next step, you know? You
got to You got to keep people on edge.
You can have your plan, but you can't
tell You can't You can't tell everybody
everything, you know?
And And why can't you?
I agree with you, but why can't you? Hm,
that's a good question.
I think Well, I think a big reason is if
it doesn't happen, then you look like a
[__] you know?
So, that that's one of the biggest
reasons.
Uh You You know what I've been guilty of
in the past as far as like, "Oh, I'm
going to do this or I'm going to do that
or I have this great idea and I'm going
to try
is
the the talking about doing it
a lot of times seems to satisfy my urge
to do it.
Right. You know what I mean? And then
I'm like, "Oh, well, I talked about
doing it. Like that's kind of like doing
it. So, I don't have to do it anymore."
Like that I feel like that's the
internal conversation. Right. It's tough
to get past that.
You got to be a doer not a sayer.
That's right. I agree with that.
All right, I'm going It's always good to
And if you do tell if you do tell people
your next move, make sure, you know,
somebody that you're really tight with,
really close with,
that you can trust.
That's right. Or make sure or make sure
that your move is so good and so strong
that it can withstand
pretty much anything that can be thrown
at it. Right. That, too.
Timing and make sure somebody can't copy
it at the last second or anything like
that. Yep.
Oh, I freeze-frame Kevin on a bad spot.
Can you share that window again? Oh,
whoa.
Oh my goodness.
>> [laughter]
>> Sorry, Kev. All right, let's get him off
of there. I've done a lot I've done a
lot of Dave and Carrie stuff playing
around. I have also got back to
seriously listing and re
What's up? Is this a Is this another
another clip? No, I think I need to I
think I need to go to the next one.
That's That's still number two. I got to
go to the next clip. Right. Oh, we got
another one. All right. Yeah, we have at
least one more. All right. All right.
tells me the future and the past. Ask a
question, I'll answer it.
Okay. So, will Lonnie ever come back on
Trash to Cash? I think Yeah, I think we
should do like a
once a year. I think we should have
Lonnie on
I think Well, first of all, there's a
lot of people that wanted him on and
just boot me off. So, that there's quite
a few of those comments. I mean
There's no way There's no way in hell I
could work with those two guys every
week.
I mean they they They're good They seem
like good guys. I don't know if I can
handle working with them every week. So,
don't worry about that, there, Kevin.
Your job is Kevin will probably agree
with you on that one.
Dude, that would Wouldn't that be What
if
What if I quit this podcast right here?
Oh, man. And then I called up Carrie and
Dave.
I said, "Hey guys,
y'all saw what happens when I'm on this
this podcast, right? You get 10,000
views.
When I'm not here, you get like 5,000.
Do you want 10 or 5?
>> [laughter]
>> If you want the 10,
if you want the 10,
>> Oh, man.
me and Kevin are cool, you and Kevin can
still be friends or whatever,
but
this show needs a little more a new
little shot of energy.
I'm your guy.
>> [laughter]
>> What if I usurped usurped him as the
head of his own podcast?
And then what? Would Kevin come over
here and be on mine?
>> [laughter]
>> Kevin and Ryan's podcast?
>> Would you let him go first still?
Would you still put him first? Yeah, of
course. Okay. He's a great guy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Of course.
All right, did we get to the part where
Plus, he's probably he's I mean, he's
probably a bigger channel than me now. I
haven't looked, but
Oh, probably not. I I mean, it's if
you're gauging it based on subscribers,
subscribers, yeah.
I don't he he has a
>> I think he's probably bigger than me. I
would assume. Is he? I don't know. I
don't know. I haven't looked. I honestly
haven't looked.
I don't watch his picker channel Let me
go look. Commonwealth
I don't even know how many subs I have
on my main. Let me look.
Uh do do do do Commonwealth picker
channel has 137,000 subs.
Oh, okay. Oh, I have 146.
Oh, you Oh.
So, he's going to pass you if you don't
if you don't step your content up.
That's all right, he can. I'm probably
not going to, so.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay.
>> Let me know when you pass me, Kevin. I
will give you a round of applause.
And then his flipper channel has 84.8
thousand subs.
>> So, he's close to a couple uh play
buttons. That's pretty cool. He's He's
already got one. He's going to That'd be
cool. I got one.
I would, too.
Um Oh, his latest video is odd. He's not
wearing a hat.
I saw it. I saw a video somewhere. I
don't know if it was on his Facebook.
It might have been on his Facebook where
he wasn't wearing a hat.
And I was like, "Wait, who's this guy?"
And I was like, "Oh, it's Kevin."
Yeah, it doesn't look right, does it?
Yeah. Looks He looks
>> say the same thing about me. I mean, I'm
always wearing a hat.
If I don't wear a hat, people are like,
"Oh, who's that guy?" Yeah, you look
older, don't you?
Yeah. Uh probably. I don't know. Do I?
Probably. Let me see. Wait, I can't
really see you that well here.
Uh
Yeah, I don't know. No, not really. Not
really. You don't look like
You look a little smarter without a hat
on, though.
Okay, so I'll keep it on.
And hats hats
I don't know. Like like whenever you see
a doctor or like a nuclear physicist or
like an astronaut, like unless they're
wearing a NASA hat or something. That's
true. Yeah. If they're just wearing a
ball cap, they just look like an
ordinary person, right? Yeah.
I've always been a hat guy. I don't
know.
Always have. Ever since I was a kid,
just always worn a hat. I I never did
because my my head is like a weird My
head is large and it's weird shaped.
So, they don't fit you right very well?
I don't think so. Well, you wore you
wore a hat the early days of YouTube,
though. I remember that. You wore that
>> [laughter]
>> Like what What is it? The Norway hat?
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember that.
>> [laughter]
>> All right. I'm going to get back I'm
going to get back to it. Let's see what
um I don't know if we have more in this
clip or not. Complete favor that?
>> Yeah, I have a lot of I have a lot of
alt accounts, so we were really pushing
that.
>> So, I I do feel like sometimes I have a
lot of people with alt accounts that
really hate me and do like 10 very
similar negative comments.
>> I don't know. We might just be playing
their their podcast at this point.
>> [laughter]
>> If we go too far with it, well, they
might do a copyright thing against us or
>> Copyright strike. They're going to
copyright strike us. That might be our
next episode. Yeah. Trash to cash
uh
had our video pulled down or something
like that.
>> Oh, yeah, exactly. Content. Yes.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, let's see. I have one more. I
don't even know Another one?
Yeah, this will be the last one, and
then we'll leave these guys alone. Oh,
but you know what? I did want to say
What's up? They were talking about me
going back on. And yeah, I'm I'm open to
going back on their show, okay?
Yeah. But I
Doesn't it feel a little
off balance if I go back on if I go on
their show
what, last week or 2 weeks ago or
whatever,
and then
they're talking about me going back on
their show.
Well, did we skip a step?
Oh. Oh.
You're saying You're saying them come on
our show.
Yes.
Oh. I I don't know.
>> Not all at
Not all at once. One at a time?
Yeah. What do y'all What do y'all think
about that out there?
>> think they'd be open to it? I mean,
we just kind of started this. It's only,
you know, we don't really have much of
an audience.
It's kind of a small What we're doing
right now is is definitely small,
but we're kind of So, we're kind of
upstarts here. Yeah.
And
I don't know. They did kind of call us
our competition
in this latest podcast of theirs. So,
>> Yeah.
being that we're small, they feel like
we're in the same space,
and they view us as competition. I They
may or may not do it, but if you
>> Either way, no hard feelings. Yeah. No.
Oh, no. No, cuz I It might be a case of
okay,
not right Timing's not good now. Maybe
we put our heads down, prove we can do
this for a year or two, and then we send
the invite again. Right.
Yeah, I mean, I I'd be open to any of
them to come on the show. That'd be
very cool with me.
So, that'd be fun.
>> But you do you do think one at a time,
right? If we invite them.
>> Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Having five people
on here would be chaos.
So, which
Let me Let me put us full screen again
here.
Which one do you think we should invite
first? Like what would the What should
the order
Let me get a I got to make a list.
>> I don't know. Maybe we should
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> Well, so this would be in which like
which order do we invite them?
Individually. Okay. Exactly. Because
like let's say like Here's the risk, I
think.
If we invite the wrong one,
and it ends up going bad, ends up going
poorly for whatever
>> out. They're all out. Yeah, true. Oh, so
we got to make the right decision here.
So, like if like what if we invite Dave
on, and he starts saying a bunch of
weird stuff, and we start making fun of
him?
Yeah. And then he ends up crying, and
then cuts the connection, and acts like
his internet went out.
Then I I don't know if they would do
that. I feel like I feel like Dave can
take criticism. I think I feel like he
kind of like laughs about it.
Okay, so Dave is pretty safe and
resilient. I think he would be pretty
safe, but I could be wrong.
And then
Do you Do you think we should then do
Commonwealth after that?
>> But But wait. So,
the thing is, though, Carrie is the one
who invited you.
True. So,
not extending the hand to him first
might be kind of
Okay. Yeah.
>> That That might be kind of a stab in the
back to him, you know? Cuz he invited
you.
Okay, so we'll we'll do So, you you
think we should invite Carrie first,
and then
I want Kevin to come on for sure.
Sure. Kevin or Dave after Carrie? We'll
invite Carrie first.
Carrie first. Um
Maybe we'll Maybe we do
Kevin last
to build up suspense. Okay. Yeah, that
that would work.
>> Like Carrie and Dave are the undercard.
All right, no no offense, Carrie and
Dave.
Yeah.
That sounds good to me.
Okay.
So,
do you think that they're all going to
>> happens. I mean, we we don't know if
this is even going to
What's that?
Do
Do you think they're all going to Do you
think they'll say yes?
I would hope they do.
I would hope so.
I think Dave I Have you ever seen Dave
do anything
outside of I haven't, but again, I'm not
really I don't have my fingers on the
pulse of the reseller space that much.
But I haven't personally, no.
Okay, I'm going to invite You know,
Carrie
>> do a lot of things I've seen Kevin do
things outside, I'm pretty sure.
Really?
>> back in the back in the day, I think he
did. Yeah. Like go on other shows and
stuff like that? I think so.
If I I'm I'm just going off of memory. I
can't name one, but I think he did.
Maybe he went on Harry Tornado channel
or something like Yeah. Yeah.
Who else If you had [snorts] If you had
a wish list after those three, who else
like name a person you would want to
have on the show? Oh, man.
Who do you think watches this, though?
Like who do you think has even heard of
us? Like Okay, name name a stretch one
like Name one that you could potentially
see saying, "Okay, I'll do it."
that might surprise you but it's not
like shocking.
It's not like
some actual movie star or something like
that. I I mean like
somebody that's kind of a reach but they
would probably do it. And I have one,
too. Harry Tornado?
Oh, you think?
You think he would do it?
Do I think I think he would have to.
Do you think he watches the Do you think
he watches our show?
No. I don't think any of these
I don't think I don't think any of these
guys do. I think maybe
Dave might
I think Dave might have somebody that
says, "Hey,
they talk about y'all at this timestamp
or whatever."
Well, they did all comment. They did all
comment. Oh, they did?
>> Last last episode. I remember seeing
that. So, I don't know if they watched
the whole thing, but
Harry There's no way Harry watches this.
I don't think.
>> don't think so, either. But, do you
think he would I mean, I wouldn't be
opposed to having him on.
Okay. I think he would come on. You do?
Okay. Mhm. That would be really cool.
You Here's one that I was thinking about
bringing on that I think might be cool,
too. What about Pete?
Oh, that would be a fun one. I know Pete
would do it without even a question.
I think he would, too. Yeah. Okay.
All right. Um oh, and then
actually I have a very Do you have any
others off the top of your head?
>> [gasps]
>> Um
>> [sighs]
>> Amber?
Ooh, that's a good one, too. Amber
Resells. I know she would do it. Well, I
actually I don't know. I don't know if
she would.
I don't know, either. She She may
overthink it and and get in her own head
about it or something. Or she might just
>> ever done a live, actually? I don't know
if she's I've ever seen her
>> Not a live, like a
like a panel like this.
Yeah, she did cuz she I was looking on
her Instagram or something and I saw an
old post of hers
where she was advertising something she
was going to be on. Oh, okay.
>> what it was. Yep.
I think she might do it, though. I think
she would do it.
Okay.
So, look. Here, we've got We got a list.
>> That's
That's the list. You see the John name
down there, huh?
Oh, yeah, John. That's right. Cincinnati
Packer.
I might have to I can't do that one
cold, though. I can't just say I can't
just message him and say, "Hey, John.
You want to come do a show?" It's like,
dude, we haven't talked in 2 years.
Right.
>> [laughter]
>> Going to have to
make a little small talk first.
Start talking to him a little bit. Let's
try and take him out on a date or
something first, huh? Go to dinner.
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, man.
Oh. Oh, you know what? I wanted to
>> show one more You were going to show one
more thing, I think, right? I've got one
more.
All right.
What have we got?
Okay. Here, let's see. I don't even know
what this I don't remember what this one
was.
1:19:30. Okay, we got to watch about 10
seconds here. Well, no, I don't. I I
want to go fix the front cover of my
tool head. So, you talk about that
comment. I'll be right back.
Dave. Like look, we need talk We need
talk to Dave, though. Like if we do
invite him and this goes off
we need to talk to his people and and
just say, "Look,
talking about 3D printing
>> [laughter]
>> is [clears throat] absolutely
forbidden."
I [snorts] think it's cool.
You You 3D print yourself, right? I I
used to. I don't have like
I don't have the fancy printer like he
has and I'm interested I
On a personal level, I would like to
talk to him about 3D printing. Right.
But if that dude comes on here and start
starts talking about 3D printing, he's
going to kill our channel before it even
gets off the ground.
Yeah, no. This is a 3D print zone free
zone. That's right. No 3D printing,
Dave.
All right, let me get back Well, I'll
look at some of the some of the
comments. Hollow Box Collectibles, this
is probably my favorite Trash Cast
episode. Really enjoyed hearing the
story of the drama and getting it
resolved and could really A lot of
people were watching the show because of
Lonnie's fans.
>> Nothing to sneeze at.
>> That's wild. This was This is going to
be a big drop-off. We might go to under
2,000 on this episode.
>> [laughter]
>> Hollow Box Collectibles, this is
probably my favorite Trash Cast episode.
Really enjoyed hearing the story of the
drama and getting it resolved and could
really feel the emotions. Definitely a
great
um get, for sure. Absolutely best
episode ever from Go Nuts. Whoa, did you
hear that?
Yeah.
Best episode ever? There were a lot of
comments like that. So, Dave and Carrie,
if y'all are ever looking for a new
leader
I'm not saying to contact me because
that would be like usurping your guys'
power, but like just Uh-oh.
Slide in the We might be able to work
something out. I'm just joking. I
wouldn't leave this show for that show.
I wouldn't. But, this is fun. All right.
>> Um Running for the King, hey, great to
see Lonnie on the show. What a Yes. I
like it. I like it. wonderful example of
conflict resolution in owning up to what
is your part in an offense. Just
beautiful. Loved the discussions today.
It kind of went on like that. Oh, Harry
Tornado. Let's see here. My only sponsor
Oh, that backfired. The Harry's talking
about how much money he makes or
something again, I think. So, it wasn't
related to that. But, yeah, dude.
We got four
mentions spread out throughout their
entire show. Pretty cool.
We like I couldn't thank I can't thank
you guys enough for that. Really
appreciate it.
Yeah.
>> Like
Ryan, if we had like a thousand dollars
in our hand
and we're looking to promote our
podcast, we couldn't have bought better
advertising than what these guys did.
Yeah.
So, It's true. Yeah, I know. They did
They did They did us a big solid there.
I really appreciate it, guys.
You know what I'm going to do right now?
Before
>> What's that? Before I put it off
or say like Oh, you know what we have to
do, though? We have to come up with a
Man, we would have to schedule this.
Oh, sk- Oh, right. Schedule the
If Carrie was going to Are you going to
ask Carrie? Is that what you were going
to get at?
Ooh, some Dave's been trying to I just
looked.
Oh, I'm so sorry. I just I haven't
looked at this.
>> Has Dave been trying to message you for
years or something? No, [clears throat]
Carrie sent me this message the other
day and I missed it. Uh-oh.
Okay.
>> Dave's Dave's been trying to message you
on here. Okay. Yeah. Sorry about that.
Okay, sorry about that.
I just checked these. I suck at this.
Where is that on Facebook? Yes,
Facebook. So, I mean, I'm on Facebook
Messenger every day. I don't even know
how I didn't see that.
It must be
It must be coming in as like a request
or something. It's not, though, because
I have an active conversation. So, I
don't know.
>> What?
That's weird.
Um Oh, you know what? I'm going to do
Hey, Carrie. I'm recording this voice
message. It's actually going on our next
podcast. Okay.
>> Um but, we are officially You are hereby
officially invited to be on the Ryan and
Lonnie podcast if you would like to join
us.
That's just your official invite that
you will see on the podcast if you
choose to watch it.
Okay, look. That is actually
Did you send that?
>> Hey, Carrie. I'm recording this voice
message. It's actually going So, boom.
Wow, there it is. All right, it's in
motion already.
Things are set in motion here. And and
look, I'll I'll send I'll also send him
a screenshot.
Look, I'll do a I'm going to do one of
these.
Wait, maybe I'll do this. Wait, I'll do
>> Oh, do you want me to Do you want me to
pull pull down the screen or you want me
to
I don't know.
I was trying to There, I just want to do
this. Here we go.
Boom.
I'm just going to send him our list.
And I'll also send him a quick Oh, what
What was that? I have no idea. I I did a
hand gesture and I had like fireworks
behind me. You had star Look over and
you have some stars going. Yeah.
Well, he didn't say no yet.
Did he see it?
Uh no. He did reply to the text part,
but I he the voice isn't showing as
being read yet.
>> Okay. All right.
Fingers crossed. Fingers crossed. That'd
be cool.
I don't even know You know what? I don't
know that much about Carrie. I I do know
that he is a newlywed.
Oh, did he just get married to Dawn? He
just got married, I think, not like a
couple of weeks ago.
I'll tell him congratulations if he
comes on the show. And I know he does
TikTok and short form. Yeah. He's He's
got a huge TikTok account, I'm pretty
sure.
He's got a pretty good-sized YouTube
account, too. Yeah.
And he's doing daily vlogs this year.
>> Daily vlogs, not easy.
No. And he does
He does Facebook and he does reselling.
He sells cards.
He goes to a lot of swap meet kind of
things or he used to.
So,
interesting dude. I think um
And I think he had a big part
part of of me being on their show. So, I
think
I like your idea of paying him the
proper respect.
>> Yeah, I think I think it's only right to
ask him first, yeah.
Yeah. Makes sense.
He didn't answer yet, so y'all will have
to
y'all have to tune in next Well, heck,
next time he might be here. I don't
know.
It's either going to be him or it's not
going to be him. We'll see.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, Ryan, it's it's been uh I don't
even know Wait, I guess I could stop
sharing. How long has it been? Oh, it's
been almost 50 minutes now. Yeah. Yeah.
I think that was a good good second
episode. What do you say?
Yeah, I enjoyed it and um
I want to thank the guys over at Trash
to Cash again. Y'all basically got us a
full episode here. Yeah. [laughter]
And we're trying to boost their talent
to get few three more episodes in the
future. That's right. If they want to.
I don't know if they're going to want
to. It'd be even better if they didn't
want to and they still did it though.
That would be even more interesting.
Right. [laughter]
Like if Carrie goes, "If Carrie reached
out to Kevin to Kev
Kevin, Lonnie Lonnie and Ryan are asking
you to be on their show,
but I really don't want to do it."
And Kevin's like, "Carrie, Lonnie came
on our show, you got to suck it up and
do their show now. It's only fair." And
they might they might You might not like
the show they do if you don't go on the
show. You know, Right.
We wouldn't do anything like that, but
I'm just saying like
but that might be the conversation that
would happen.
And we could have somebody sitting here
like they're a hostage in a hostage
situation, you know? Tell us everything
you know, Carrie.
Yeah. Give us all the dirt. That's what
we can do. We can get all the dirt on
Kevin before he comes on. Exactly. Well,
that's part of the That's part of the
That's part of the reason I mentioned
Carrie first. I didn't want to say it.
Ah.
I mean, you know.
There it is.
>> Very smart. Yep. That that builds up.
Hey, I I was I Earlier I told you not to
tell people your next step, dude. Come
on.
I'm bad at that, dude. I'm
You should You don't know that by now? I
cannot keep If you want
>> No, I know that.
That's why you don't That's why I don't
know about this future endeavor of
yours. Oh, okay. It's because you know
better than to tell me No, you know
about it. I've mentioned it.
>> [laughter]
>> You just You probably are
You probably know it. I think you know
it.
I'm going to guess it here in a minute
once we get off the air. But uh
uh is that going to be it for this one,
Ryan? I think that'll do it. Yeah.
Yeah, thanks for watching, guys.
Appreciate it. Everybody uh
giving us the time of day, checking out
the the podcast. We really appreciate
it. This is This has been fun. I'm
really enjoying this. It's fun.
>> I'm enjoying it, too, and I can't wait
to see where it goes. And And look,
since those guys may or may not have the
time to watch this one,
if y'all can all all the Trash to Cash
fans out there, just time stamp every
time that we talked about one of those
guys in this video. Yeah.
>> And message it on over to them. I'm sure
they'll like to get all this messages
Absolutely.
>> [laughter]
>> There'd be about 27 of them.
Thanks so much for watching. All right,
guys. Bye, y'all. We'll see you.